article: eks blueprints for pulumi (#1393)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/eks-blueprints-for-pulumi/index.md

---
title: "EKS Blueprints for Pulumi"
date: 2022-04-20T18:00:00Z
draft: false

> meta_desc: Pulumi Partners with AWS on EKS Blueprints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: Announcing Amazon EKS Blueprints for Pulumi: patterns and best practices for Kubernetes deployments.
```

meta_image: meta.png
authors: ["isaac-harris", "david-flanagan"]

> tags: ["aws"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tags: ["aws", "eks", "kubernetes"]
```
